Hi.
We didn't his lecture we going to see how we can create users using pass User class.
So let me come over here and actually rather than just commenting out this I will just command out everything
so that I won't just update or retrieve any data using power server right now.
I'm going to head back to my main that sorry bar because we need some text fields to get user input
here to create user accounts.
So I'm going to bring in two text fields and two more buttons later on.
I'm going to ask for user name and the password.
So let me bring in one labeled first because I'm going to have a title in my own app.
So this is going to be something like Foursquare clone.
OK and this will act as our title or our headings.
So I'm going to go for first square clone and I'm going to make this a little bit bigger.
So where's the form t up here this.
So this is OK right.
And under this header or under this title I'm going to go for a text fields.
So let me make this a little bit bigger.
So the first one will be for user name.
Okay.
And Empire as you can just create users with user name rather than only email.
OK.
You can get email if you want but I'm going to show you how to do this with passwords and user name
only.
And you will know how to do this with email as well.
Don't worry.
Username Password.
So let me bring in one button or here.
So this will be something like signed in by them so that if our user has an account they will get to
sign in from this button.
I'm going to copy and paste this button because I'm going to need another bobbin called sign up.
OK so if user doesn't have any account registered previously they will get to create one using this
option.
So let me see if this is a line.
Yep they were aligned but I've totally your exits.
So let me come over here and say reset to suggested constraints so that we can move on to our wheel
controller and define all this we use.
So let me go back to main story board over here.
So this will be my user name taxed.
OK.
So come over here I say user name text.
And also I'm gonna need a password text as well.
So this one password tax.
And we have two buttons.
I'm going to bring them in as an action.
So let's do the sign in first.
Let's bring in sign in and say sign in clicked.
OK.
So this is an action and we're going to do that for sign up as well.
So this is sign up clicked.
Here you go.
Now let me close this down and go back to my weave controller.
So in my weave controller in fact I'm going to delete everything from here because we get to practice
this reading and writing thing a lot and you will have your notes.
Don't worry.
And in the sign and collect I don't need to do anything right now because we have to start with signing
up first.
We don't have any prior accounts in that moment.
First we need to create one that we can sign in using that's a count and using authentication imparts
is very easy.
You called Pass user class just like we did authentication in the five year base.
Remember we have called all that off in five year base.
Now let me start by checking to see if user name text is not MTM password.
Text is not empty.
If they are indeed empty then I will display some Ellard message to the user saying that.
Yeah.
You need to fill out some user name and password.
Okay so I'm going to create to have make Ellard function over here.
Remember we are going to use this a lot during this.
We control the DOT swift file progress and we are going to need this function allowed.
So I'm going to go for Elliott.
OK.
This is going to be a UI Elliott not action actually controller.
So UI alert controller.
OK.
If you open parentheses this will ask you for a title and message style of course.
I'm going to give title input as a string in here and the message input as string over here so that
I can come over and say yep this is going to be a title input and this is going to be a message input.
So it will display our title and message as we want and the sale will be doubts.
ELLIOT Since we have done this a lot before so I'm doing this a little bit fast.
So this is going to be an ad buy them like you.
Action and title will be okay.
And this is not this is not going to be an ad button.
This is going to be okay by them and the style will be default and we don't need any handler.
And then I'm going to add this action to my Elliot by saying that Elliot out to add action.
And finally I'm going to go for self-taught present.
I'm going to present this Elliot with an animation of curves and that completion we don't need any completion
right now.
If you come over here you can just say make Elliot and for title you can just go for air and if they're
empty you can just say something like Yeah.
Give me username and password.
If you don't give me How can I create an account for you OK.
And if they are correct if they are not empty strings then I'm going to call my pass User class like
I have said before because that's where I manage the authentication procedures like signing in signing
up.
So I'm going to say let the user be a P F user as you can see this is what we want in order to go with
user management.
And I'm going to give you a password and the user name to that user as you can see you get this email
option as well if you want to you can sign them up with e mailed but I'm going to go for a user name
because in fire res we don't need we don't have this kind of option.
So this is may be some kind of an advantage compared to firebase.
So I'm going to go with the user name.
So let me see this is password we have other methods here.
So I want to user name.
Yep this one and I'm going to take this user name from user name tags that tags I'm certain that this
is not empty right now.
So I can put some exclamation mark at the end of this text.
I'm going to do this for the password as well right after I give the user name and the password.
I can just say sign up.
So if you say sign you will see some options like if you go for a sign up.
It does it sync erroneously sign up in background with block of course what we want.
OK.
So this is again seeing cronies please sign up in background not seeing erroneously but a Synchrony
is even though we don't get any block but what we want is the general one sign up in background with
block so if you hit enter it will give you an boolean indicating whether deserve success or failure.
So I'm going to say success and error if error is not nil.
I'm just going to display an alert message so I'm going to use my make Ellard function and for a title
I'm going to go for error and for message inputs I'm going to use this error that is given to me so
far so good.
So does asks us to provide a default value like before.
So if this error message is empty I'm going to go for error OK and else else meaning the user has been
created as we get another message here indicating that that we want to have a cell phone we're here
because we are in a closure and that's right.
So else I want to do a Segway here right.
I just want to take user to the other we have controllers but right now I don't have any controllers
so I'm just going to take a note saying Segway and maybe we can do something like printing out.
Yep this is created.
So let me say OK for right now and let me run this to test actually because we are ready to test to
see if we can create users with passwords and user names.
So let me open my simulator.
Come over here and say user name is James and the password will be 1 2 3 4 5 6.
If you say sign up here you go.
We see okay.
Now let's go back to our pass User class OK.
And let me rephrase this.
And here you go we have our user.
So we have an object I.D. And we have the user name as James we have the password but it's hidden default.
So we cannot see it.
And we didn't provide any e-mail here.
So my suggestion is to get e mails when you deal with a real app so that you can use their e-mails after
words if you need them.
And you know how to do that already.
So let me go back and do something like empty string.
And here you go we have the alert message.
So our function actually works.
So that's good.
We have created our user.
Where are you going to stop here.
And within the next lecture we are going to see how we can sign this user in.